README.md, before:

ProvisionsTeamFormation 1.3.3 - Unofficial
=============

Unofficial version Changelog:
- Group Lead (crown) will take priority over group role
- Adjust custom player colors to use @names instead of character names
- Increase Group Lead icon size slightly
- Add Necro and Arcanist Icons
- Rudimentary Target Marker suppoort. Target Markers will take priority over role or class icons but not group leader.

Original Readme
=============


TeamFormation is a user Interface for The Elder Scrolls Online, designed to show the positions and health of your teammates, like a radar.

*I'm happy to share my addon with you, but please **don't make a fork on esoui or curse** without my authorization.*

[![LibAddonMenu-2.0r26](https://img.shields.io/badge/LibAddonMenu-2.0r26-orange.svg)](http://www.esoui.com/downloads/info7-LibAddonMenu.html) [![Esoui Prov's TF page](https://img.shields.io/badge/esoui.com-Provision%27s%20TeamFormation-green.svg)](http://www.esoui.com/downloads/info1135-ProvisionsTeamFormation.html)

# Presentation

You can easily see the positions and health of your teammates :

 - **Healers :** See the position of damaged teammates so you can easily heal them.
 - **Leader :** See the position of your teammates so you can easily decide what orders to give.
 - **Dps :** See the position of teammates so you can stay near them.
 - **Tank :** See the position of Healers & Dps who take damage so you can regain agro.
 - **All :** See the position of dead teammates and their resurrection status.

You can set keyboard shortcuts to disable/enable TeamFormation.

## Features :
- Keyboard shortcut to enable/disable TeamFormation.
- Dead and resurrection status icon.
- Leader and class icon
- Camera rotation + Character rotation.
- HP Indicator.
- Cardinal point (adjustable transparency from 0 to 100%).
- Movable, Resizable and Scalable UI.
- Customize colors.
- Group interface shows distance.


## Commands :
- */tf* : open settings panel.
- */tfrainbow* : colorate the first ten players.


## Language :

FR, EN, DE. (French is the main support).

![Preview](http://i.imgur.com/nRm1OOG.jpg)

## Quick-install guide :

1. Download the archive "ProvisionsTeamFormation_*vx.x.x*.zip".
2. Unzip the archive in ESO addons folder (delete the previous TeamFormation folder if you're updating) 
3. Launch the game, log in, and check that "**Prov's TeamFormation**" is enabled for your character and then play.

If the UI does not appear it may be because you are not in a group, you need to reload your UI, or you may need restart your game.

~~I looking for German translation, and english checking for correct grammar and spelling of TeamFormation's settings. [See this post](http://www.esoui.com/forums/showthread.php?t=4841).~~

Commit message:

Add additional opacity settings
Added additional opacity settings for target markers, class icons, and role icons. Reenabled use of character names for custom colors

README.md, after:

ProvisionsTeamFormation 1.3.4 - Unofficial
=============

Unofficial version Changelog:
- Group Lead (crown) will take priority over group role
- Adjust custom player colors to enable use of @names in addition to character names (character name settings will override @name settings)
- Increase Group Lead icon size slightly
- Add Necro and Arcanist Icons
- Rudimentary Target Marker suppoort. Target Markers will take priority over role or class icons but not group leader.
- Added Alpha settings for Role, Class, and Target Marker icons

Original Readme
=============


TeamFormation is a user Interface for The Elder Scrolls Online, designed to show the positions and health of your teammates, like a radar.

*I'm happy to share my addon with you, but please **don't make a fork on esoui or curse** without my authorization.*

[![LibAddonMenu-2.0r26](https://img.shields.io/badge/LibAddonMenu-2.0r26-orange.svg)](http://www.esoui.com/downloads/info7-LibAddonMenu.html) [![Esoui Prov's TF page](https://img.shields.io/badge/esoui.com-Provision%27s%20TeamFormation-green.svg)](http://www.esoui.com/downloads/info1135-ProvisionsTeamFormation.html)

# Presentation

You can easily see the positions and health of your teammates :

 - **Healers :** See the position of damaged teammates so you can easily heal them.
 - **Leader :** See the position of your teammates so you can easily decide what orders to give.
 - **Dps :** See the position of teammates so you can stay near them.
 - **Tank :** See the position of Healers & Dps who take damage so you can regain agro.
 - **All :** See the position of dead teammates and their resurrection status.

You can set keyboard shortcuts to disable/enable TeamFormation.

## Features :
- Keyboard shortcut to enable/disable TeamFormation.
- Dead and resurrection status icon.
- Leader and class icon
- Camera rotation + Character rotation.
- HP Indicator.
- Cardinal point (adjustable transparency from 0 to 100%).
- Movable, Resizable and Scalable UI.
- Customize colors.
- Group interface shows distance.


## Commands :
- */tf* : open settings panel.
- */tfrainbow* : colorate the first ten players.


## Language :

FR, EN, DE. (French is the main support).

![Preview](http://i.imgur.com/nRm1OOG.jpg)

## Quick-install guide :

1. Download the archive "ProvisionsTeamFormation_*vx.x.x*.zip".
2. Unzip the archive in ESO addons folder (delete the previous TeamFormation folder if you're updating) 
3. Launch the game, log in, and check that "**Prov's TeamFormation**" is enabled for your character and then play.

If the UI does not appear it may be because you are not in a group, you need to reload your UI, or you may need restart your game.

~~I looking for German translation, and english checking for correct grammar and spelling of TeamFormation's settings. [See this post](http://www.esoui.com/forums/showthread.php?t=4841).~~
